Now, that you know how to protect your data and systems,
you will need a way for users to find your website.
That's where networking connectivity comes into play,
to route Internet traffic to your site.
You'll also want to make sure that your website can handle the incoming traffic,
providing peak performance to your users.
The ability to scale up or scale down based on the load,
or how many users are using your applications at a given time is critical.
In this lesson, I will teach you about networking and elasticity in the cloud,
covering features like auto scaling and load balancing.
So let's get started.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6